I'm married!
Yes, it's 2023
After you were drugged five years ago
It was hoarseness that saved you
And then you fall in love with him at first sight.
You also have a very lovely son
Let me introduce myself
My name is Gu Siya
Is that your wife?
He's our son.
Xiaobao is 4 years old
You only have temporary amnesia now
It doesn't matter.
I will always be with you, okay?
Now that we're married
What about the marriage certificate?
Can we lie to you about this kid?
I want to see it. OK.
This stubborn temper has been gone since childhood
Mom will go home and take it in a while, okay?
What about Assistant Lin?
He left.
leave
Why is that?
It was nothing more than being poached by high prices
Don't think so much.
Mom has started looking for a new assistant for you
Shi Qing, you lost your memory in a car accident.
The phone is long dead
Mom bought you a new one
After you?
Live well with your wife and son.
Dad, you need to get well soon.
Xiaobao, um, I'm Xiaobao.
I still feel kind to this child
Could it be that in the past 5 years
I'm really married and have children
But why did I treat this woman named Gu Siya
So strange
No matter what means
Today I have to get my son and
Gusya's marriage certificate, Mrs. History